Request CoAP C-Fs from the 2-bytes range (#146)
thomas-fossati/draft-psa-token: draft-tschofenig-rats-psa-token.md

* Another for the `application/eat+cwt` media type with the `eat_profile`
  parameter equal to `tag:psacertified.org,2019:psa#legacy`

> The Content-Formats should be allocated from the (256-9999) range.

Author: ```suggestion
The Content-Formats should be allocated from the First Come First Served range (10000-64999).
```
